---
layout: post
title: "Our story"
date: 2017-02-04 12:25:00 -600
categories: keto
author: miranda
---
So here's the story: Cacy and I got married in October of 2007. We were young and in the midst of an Operation Iraqi Freedom deployment. Getting through the trials that come with military life, we wound up in Omaha, where I finished school and we settled into routines. Fast forward to now: we're living in a mid-sized town, working in two separate cities, trying to keep on top of our ballooning weight.

Over time we have both gained and lost, but nothing's ever stuck. Nothing's really been something we could do over the long term together simply because we are both so different. He works on his feet, and I sit at a desk, for 10 hours a day. He's got the strength to lift heavy boxes and manufactured steel, and I do what I can to push pixels. So every time we'd try before now, he'd always complain of starvation, and I could never satisfy my sweet tooth.

Enter Keto. [Josh](http://blog.apronmafia.com/keto/2017/02/04/lets-get-this-started.html) had mentioned it as something he had done before, and was doing again. I was intrigued. Mostly because Josh is the doppelgänger of my own husband. Seriously. The more we talked about it, the more I was convinced this is something that could work for both my husband and I.

Our goals are simple (seemingly): lose weight, become more active, feel better, and have more energy. I'm determined this year to put more emphasis into my own personal self-health (mental, physical, emotional) and this fits right in. But for Cacy, he'd like to lose weight, sleep better, lose aches/pain in his knees and back, more energy, but still get to enjoy delicious food.

We're just getting started, with our first "official" day being tomorrow, February 5. Being the IN/STJ-A that I am, I'm already knee-deep in [meal plans](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MErYnI2EXduIhwDT_70IMCiBtD24ukAF4RPWoL1Rrqk/edit?usp=sharing), prep work, and doing whatever I can to get us ready for a good start. I hope to list a few favorite recipes and meal plans as we get a bit further into this.

A big thanks goes out to Josh for roping us in!